Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, February 28, 1882, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Harper's Young People, February 28, 1882
       An Illustrated Weekly

Author: Various

Release Date: April 8, 2017 [EBook #54513]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, FEB 18, 1882 ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE]

       *       *       *       *       *

VOL. III.--NO. 122. PUBLISHED BY HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK. PRICE FOUR
CENTS.

Tuesday, February 28, 1882. Copyright, 1882, by HARPER & BROTHERS. $1.50
per Year, in Advance.

       *       *       *       *       *




[Illustration: THE LITTLE FROST QUEEN.]

THE LITTLE FROST QUEEN.


        Sparkling and light
        Are the snow-drifts white
  In the glow of the winter's morning,
        And the icicles gleam
        In the sun's bright beam,
  Each tree and shrub adorning.

        Rosy and fair
        In the frosty air
  Are the cheeks of the little maiden,
        And merry and gay
        With the happy day
  Is her heart with the sunshine laden.

        Where is she bound
        O'er the frosty ground?
  Ah, that is beyond our knowing.
        But wherever she goes,
        We may fairly suppose
  The sunshine will surely be going.




CHARLEY OTIS'S RIDE.

AS TOLD BY HIS GRANDSON.


He is my grandfather now--Charley Otis is--and he told my brother Hal
and me this story. He's a regular fine old gentleman, is my grandfather
Otis. There isn't a bit of old fogy about him, and he likes to see us
boys have any amount of fun. He isn't hard on a fellow either, when he
gets into trouble through some of his mischief; though he looked pretty
sober when Hal and I and Uncle Timothy's boys painted Squire Dexter's
Chester Whites one time, and the Squire caught us at it, and thrashed
us, and made father and Uncle Timothy pay ten dollars apiece to get out
of having a lawsuit.

"Don't have any more of that sort of fun, boys," says grandfather.

"No, sir," says we; and we don't mean to, for there isn't any fun in it.
Some folks in story-books are all the time preaching up how funny it is
to paint pigs. It isn't. If it is, it is mean fun, and I don't like that
kind. For besides making a fellow feel cheap, there's almost always
something not so nice to top off with.

"Boys will be boys, Susan." That's what grandfather says to mother time
and again.

"Well, they needn't be wild Indians," says mother. But she doesn't tell
father _that_ time. You see, my grandfather was a boy once himself, and
he knows we can't keep bottled up _all_ the time. We have to "let nature
caper"--that's what grandfather calls it--once in a while, or we would
burst, Hal and I, and go off like two rockets maybe. I hope when I grow
up I'll be just the kind of a grandfather my grandfather is.

Last Washington's Birthday we boys had planned to have no end of fun,
skating on the pond, and snapping crackers at folks, and playing
shinney. But when Hal and I got up in the morning, everything was dull
gray; and when breakfast was over, it was snowing as if the witches were
emptying all their feather-beds at once up in the sky.

Hal looked out of the window, and turned away, and shut his lips. Then I
looked out, and--well, I'm not very old, and small of my age--and I
cried. At that grandfather put down his paper.

"Hoity-toity!" said he; "what's all this about?"

We told him.

"Well," said grandfather, "this snow will make first-rate coasting, and
while you're waiting for enough of it to come, I'll tell you a story."

So here is the story. You ought to have heard Grandfather Otis tell it,
though, with his funny twinkles and wrinkles to set it off; but because
you couldn't, I'm going to tell it my own way, in regular story-book
style:

Early one Twenty-second of February, more than fifty years ago, my
grandfather and my two great-uncles, Stephen and Samuel, were out
looking for something to have fun with. "Trouble was," says grandfather,
"there was ice enough, but we hadn't a pair of skates to our feet."
Pretty soon, while they were standing around on the door-step, a man
came along leading a horse and sleigh, and hitched it to the fence. The
man's name was Mr. Nutt.

"Good-morning," said the boys, wondering to themselves what made him
walk and lead the horse, instead of riding. Catch a _boy_ doing it!

"Mornin'," said Mr. Nutt. "Father to home, boys?"

"Yes, sir," said they.

"I'm going after the doctor," said Mr. Nutt, "and that critter runs away
so'st I can't do nothin' with him. It's Lawyer Chadbourne's horse, down
to Westport, 'at I took for his keep, and that's more'n I'll get out 'n
him. S'pose I can get your father's team, boys?"

"Wouldn't wonder," said they. "Father's chopping wood in the north lot."

With that Mr. Nutt started off across the field, and the boys walked
down to the gate to look at the horse. He was a red horse, with
"three-white-feet-and-a-white-nose--take-off-his-shoes-and-give-him-
to-the-crows."

The boys walked around him, and looked at him, and felt of the harness.

"Looks kind enough," said Steve.

"Don't believe he'll run away," said Sam.

"The harness is stout," said Charley.

Then they all looked at each other and laughed.

"S'pose we do," said they; "and be spry about it."

So Sam and Charley got into the sleigh, and Steve unhitched the horse,
and got on behind, with one foot on each runner, and Charley took the
reins, and away they all went. The horse didn't go so very fast at
first, but he kept going faster and faster and faster; and pretty soon
the sleigh hit his heels. Then didn't he go!

"Stop him!" yelled Sam. "Whoa!"

"Whoa!" sung out Steve, a-hanging on to the sleigh back for dear life.
"We've go-go-gone far enough."

But there wasn't any whoa to that horse. And Steve made up his mind that
he'd ridden about as long as he wanted to, and so he dropped off. He
fell flat, and slid for as much as a rod on the ice before he stopped.
"Took every one of his wesket buttons off," says grandfather, "slick and
clean as you'd cut 'em with a knife."

But that didn't stop the horse--no, sir! On he went, with the old sleigh
clattering at his heels, and the ice his shoes cut up flew like sleet
into the faces of the two boys. All Charley could do was to keep him in
the road, and that's more than a good many would, _I_ say. And the horse
kept going faster and faster.

"Whe-ew!" said Sam, catching his breath. And he jumped out, and turned
two first-class summersets before he struck on his head in a snow-bank
beside the road. And there _he_ was.

Then Charley, my grandfather, was left all alone. That's why I call it
"Charley Otis's Ride." And the horse kept going faster and faster. And
Charley couldn't see a rod ahead of him, for the wind blowing and the
bits of ice flying, until, pretty soon, he began to go up a little hill.
And because for a minute the ice didn't fly so thick, Charley saw, just
ahead, and hobbling along as fast as his two poor shaky legs and his
knotty cane would carry him, old Grandsir Herrin, who wasn't anybody's
grandfather really, though everybody called him so. And Grandsir Herrin
was as deaf as the deafest kind of a post--and right in the middle of
the road! Now, sir--

No use to ask me what I'd have done if I'd been there. I wasn't there.
But I can tell you what Charley did, and I don't believe anybody could
have done any better. His heart thumped so he could almost hear it
through all the noise of the bells. But, quick as a flash, he put all
his strength on the right rein, and pulled that horse with a flying jump
into a big bank of snow drifted up against the road fence. And Charley
_kept right along_.

He picked himself up in a minute, and looked around. The horse was deep
in the snow, standing quiet enough, but trembling like a leaf. Charley
unharnessed him and got him out of the snow, and turned the sleigh, and
harnessed up again, and led the horse back to where he started from. Sam
and Steve were waiting by the gate.

Charley hitched the horse, and just then another man drove along, and
stopped.

"It's Lawyer Chadbourne," whispered Sam.

"Who left that horse there?" said the man, in a deep-down, pie-crusty
kind of a voice.

"Mr. Nutt, sir," answered Charley; "and he said he would run away. But
he don't look like he would."

"Well, well, I'm glad of it," growled the lawyer, and away he went.
And--

"Hello!" said grandfather, breaking off right here.

There was a thundering noise in the hall, and the door flew open.

"It's the Broomstick Brigade!" cried grandfather; for there were the May
boys and the Berry boys and Uncle Timothy's boys, and each one of 'em
carried a broom.

"Come along with you," said Ben May; "we're going to sweep the ice. It's
stopped snowing."

So it had, though we hadn't noticed. And so we took our skates and
brooms, and went along, Hal and I; and grandfather took up his paper
again.




A BRAVE LITTLE SISTER.


One cold day this winter, as it was growing late, Mrs. Ivy, whose home
is in Pictou, Nova Scotia, was obliged to go out, leaving her two
children alone. Their father was dead.

Little Alice was only seven and Henry was five years old. They played
together awhile, and Alice told Henry stories, and they tried to think
that the time was slipping away very fast, and that mother would soon be
back.

But presently it began to get dark in the room where the careful mother
had left them, locking them in for safety. The stars were twinkling in
the sky, and the lamps were lighted in the street. Alice knew where the
matches were kept, and she had often seen her mother light their lamp,
so she thought she would do it now.

Unfortunately neither she nor little Henry observed that they had set
the burning lamp very near their mother's working dress and Alice's
white apron, which were hanging quite close to the mantel.

The first thing they knew, these had caught fire, and the room was in a
blaze.

What should little Alice do? How could she save Henry? She never thought
about her own danger. The key was in the lock, alas! on the other side
of the door.

Quick as a flash she raised the window, and creeping out to the end of
the projecting shelf, lowered herself till she hung at arm's-length, and
then dropped to the ground.

It was a distance of thirty-five feet, but the air buoyed up her
clothing, something as it does that of a little girl when she whirls
round and drops down in what we used to call a pot-cheese. Alice reached
the ground unhurt.

She flew up stairs and unlocked the door. No Henry was there. Frightened
and desperate, she screamed and cried so that the neighbors came running
to see what had happened.

They found the little fellow on the ground, where he had fallen, having
crawled out on the window-sill to see what had become of his sister. It
was a mercy that he too had escaped with only a few bruises.

Brave little Alice Ivy! She showed unselfish love, courage, and
promptness in action. We think she was a heroine. Do you agree with us?
Her behavior was the more worthy of praise that she had to do something
at once, and that she did the best thing under the circumstances. We are
sure her mother felt thankful for such a noble daughter.




PERIL AND PRIVATION.

BY JAMES PAYN.

I.--ON THE KEYS OF HONDURAS.


Most readers know well the adventures of what real personage the
admirable story of _Robinson Crusoe_ was founded; and in the history of
disaster connected with the sea there are the materials of ten such
tales, had we only another Defoe to write them. Still, not even the mind
of that master of fiction, the man of all others who knew how "to paint
the thing that is not as the thing that is," could have conceived such
events as it is now my purpose to describe. His fine sense of what was
life-like would have resented them as being too amazing and
extraordinary to have happened to the same person, and that too on a
single voyage.

To be seized by pirates; to become one of them by force; to escape at
the peril of one's life, but only to find one's self upon an uninhabited
island, "remote from the track of navigation," and to remain there for
sixteen months alone--seems too sensational to be crowded into three
years of existence. Yet these things happened to Philip Ashton, an
Englishman, little more than a century and a half ago.

The schooner which Ashton, who hailed from Salem, Massachusetts, was on
board was seized in Port Rossaway by the famous--or infamous--Ned Low.
In _The Lives of Highwaymen and Robbers_, which I am sorry to say was
one of my favorite books when I was a boy, the story of Low's life is
told, but his behavior in pirate life is not described. Ashton gives
some curious particulars of it. In some respects this "bold bad" rover
of the seas was by no means so black as he is painted. For example, on
our hero's being carried on board Low's vessel, "which had two great
guns, four swivels, and about forty men," that gentleman comes up to him
with a pistol in each hand, with the inquiry, "Are you a married man?"

Terrified, not without reason, "lest there should be any hidden meaning
in his words," Ashton did not reply. He did not know whether it would be
wiser to say he was married or a bachelor. You see, it was very
important to make a favorable impression.

[Illustration: "'YOU DOG, WHY DON'T YOU ANSWER?' CRIED LOW."]

"You dog, why don't you answer?" cried Low, cocking one of the pistols
and putting it to the other's ear. Thus compelled, and yet not knowing
what to say, Ashton hesitated no longer, but did what he might have done
at firsthand which is always the best thing to do--he told the truth.

"I am a bachelor," he said, whereupon Low appeared to be satisfied, and
turned away.

The fact was that this scoundrel, who seemed so heartless, had had a
wife of his own, whom he had loved tenderly, but who was dead. She had
left him a child, now in the care of trustworthy people at Boston, for
whom he felt such tenderness that on any mention of him, in quieter
moments--that is, "when he was not drinking or revelling"--he would sit
down and shed tears. Judging others by himself, he would never impress
in his service married men, who had ties, such as a wife and children,
to render them desirous of leaving it.

Moreover, Low would never suffer his men to work on Sunday. What is
still more strange, Ashton tells us that he has even "seen some of them
sit down to read a good book upon that day."

For all that, he had to join the ship's company, and become a pirate
like them, or die. His name was accordingly entered on their books;
whereas, when opportunity offered, the married men who had been captured
were put on shore.

Ashton was sometimes fired at, and slashed with cutlasses, upon the
supposition--which was quite a correct one--that he was planning how to
escape. Otherwise he was not, on the whole, ill-treated. He assisted,
much against his own will, in the capture of many vessels.

Though very successful in her depredations, the pirate ship was at one
time pursued by _The Mermaid_, an English man-of-war, when Ashton's
feelings were more uncomfortable than they had ever been, "for I
concluded that we should certainly be taken, and that I, being found in
such company, should be hung with the rest, so true are the words of
Solomon, 'A companion of fools shall be destroyed.'"

However, one of the ship's men showed Low a sand bar over which his
vessel could pass and _The Mermaid_ could not.

"So we escaped the gallows on this occasion." Nor was it only hanging
that was to be feared, for it was proposed by these desperate fellows
that in case their capture became certain, they should "set foot to foot
and blow out each other's brains"--a suggestion which, though he
pretended to approve of it, did not please Ashton.

There was now a plot among the more honest portion of the crew to
overpower the rest. It was unfortunately discovered, and one Farrington
Spriggs, the second in command, informed Ashton that he should "swing
like a dog at the yard-arm," as being one of the conspirators. To this
our hero meekly replied that he had had no intention of injuring any one
on board, but should be glad if he could be allowed to go away quietly.

Perhaps this soft answer had the effect of turning away Mr. Farrington
Spriggs's wrath, for Ashton presently remarks, "In the end this flame
was quenched, and, through the goodness of Providence, I escaped
destruction."

About this time they were in the Bay of Honduras, which is full of small
wooded islands, generally known in that part of the world as "keys."

At one of these, which lay altogether out of the track of ships, the
pirate touched for water, and the long-boat was sent ashore with casks
to get a supply. Low had sworn that Ashton "should never set foot on
shore again," but that chieftain was not on board at the time, and the
cooper, who was in charge of the boat, granted his request to go with
the party. As to running away, there was nowhere, as he reflected, for
the man to run to.

When they first landed, Ashton made himself very busy in helping to get
the casks out of the boat and in rolling them to the spring; but
presently he began to stroll along the beach, picking up shells. On
getting out of musket-shot, he made for a thick wood.

"Where are you going?" cried the cooper.

"Only for cocoa-nuts," was Ashton's reply, pointing to where some were
hanging.

When once out of sight he ran as fast as the thickness of the bushes and
his naked feet permitted him. His clothing was "an Osnaburgh frock and
trousers and a knitted cap, but neither shirt, shoes, stockings, nor
anything else."

The wood was so thick that he could hear the voices of the party while
he himself was quite invisible and secure.

When they had filled their casks they hallooed for him loudly; and then
said to one another, "The dog"--they always called him the dog--"is lost
in the wood, and can't get out again." In a short time they put off
without him.

Then came reflections very similar to those we read in _Robinson
Crusoe_: "Thus was I left on a desolate island, destitute of all help,
and remote from the track of navigators, but, compared with the state
and society I had quitted, I considered the wilderness hospitable and
the solitude interesting. True, I was in a place there was no means of
leaving; my clothing was scanty, and it was impossible to procure a
supply. With the trifling exception of cocoa-nuts, I was altogether
destitute of provisions, nor could I tell how my life was to be
supported. But as it had pleased God to grant my wishes in being
liberated from those whose occupation was to devise mischief against
their neighbors, I resolved to account every hardship light."

In five days the pirate vessel set sail without him, and Philip Ashton
found himself alone.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




THE TALKING LEAVES.[1]

[1] Begun in No. 101, HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE.

An Indian Story.

BY W. O. STODDARD.

CHAPTER XXI.


For his own part, To-la-go-to-de had decided upon the policy he should
follow. He had told his older warriors,

"The pale-faces are cunning. The Lipans must be wise. Suppose the
Apaches kill many pale-faces? Ugh! Good. Lipans kill rest of them very
easy. Not so many to kill."

He was right about the Captain's "cunning," for it was a good deal like
his own "wisdom," and it had been expressed to his men in the same way.

"The Apaches are strong enough to beat them, and us too, and they'll be
on the look-out. We mustn't throw ourselves away, boys. We must get
separated somehow. There won't be enough Lipans left to follow us far."

He and Two Knives, therefore, had about the same object in view when
they rode out together in advance of their combined force after supper.

The miners were all mounted, and nobody would have guessed how much
extra weight they were carrying. They were drawn up now in a close rank
in front of their little camp, in which they had not left a single
guard.

Two Knives asked about that.

"What for?" replied Skinner. "What good to leave men? If the Lipans want
to rob wagon, they kill the men we leave. Suppose Lipans do as they
agree, camp safe, then. Better take all the men we've got to fight the
Apaches."

That was good sense, and Two Knives only said "Ugh!" to it, but his next
question meant more.

"How about fight? Tell chief what do."

"No, I won't. It's your fight more than mine. If you want us to go
ahead, we will go. If you say we are to keep back and let you go ahead,
all right. If we say we want to do anything, you will think it is
crooked. Better not say. You say."

The chief had been expecting to hear some plan of action, and to find
something "crooked" in it. Captain Skinner had beaten him at once and
completely.

"Then you ride along with Lipans."

"No. The hearts of your young braves are hot and bitter. My men are
angry. Must keep apart. Have fight among ourselves. No good."

There was no denying the good sense of that, and Two Knives had no fear
at all but that his pale-face allies would come back after their wagon,
extra horses, and mules. Of course they would stick to property for
which they had shown themselves so ready to fight, and he could not
suspect that they now had the best part of it carefully stowed away
around them.

"Ugh! Pale-faces can't go ahead. Not stay behind. What then?"

"You say. We go."

"Ride left hand, then. Away off there. Not too far. We go this way. Both
find Apaches. Come together then."

"All right. That'll suit us. Send some braves along to see that we don't
run away."

Two Knives would have done so if Captain Skinner had not asked for it,
but he instantly suspected a cunning plot for the destruction of as many
braves as he might send, and he replied:

"Ugh! No good. Pale-faces take care of themselves to-night."

So both of them got what they wanted.

Two Knives believed that by keeping to the right he should make a
circuit and surprise the Apache camp, while the miners would be sure to
meet any outlying force by riding toward it in a straight line.

Captain Skinner's one idea was to get as far as possible from the
Lipans, he hardly cared in what direction. To the "left" was also to the
southward; and so he was better off than he had hoped for.

"Go slow, boys," he said to his men. "We must go right across every
stream we come to. The more water we can put behind us, the better."

The Lipans also advanced with caution at first, keenly watching the
distrusted miners until they were hidden from them by the rolling
prairie and the increasing darkness.

The line on which the Captain was leading them slanted away more and
more toward the south, but not so much as yet that it need have aroused
the suspicions of To-la-go-to-de's keen-eyed spies who were keeping
track of them.

They reached a good-sized brook, and the moment they were over it the
Captain shouted: "That gets bigger, or it runs into something before
it's gone far. That's our chance, boys."

Nothing could be more sure, for all the brooks in the world do that very
thing. Besides, that brook was running in the direction in which the
miners wanted to go, and they now pushed forward more rapidly.

"If I knew where the Apache village was," said the Captain, "I'd go near
enough to see if we could pick up some ponies. But we won't waste any
time looking for it."

The brook was a true guide. In due time it led the miners to the place
where it poured its little contribution into the larger stream, and that
looked wider and gloomier by night than by day.

"No ford right here, boys. The water runs too still and quiet. We must
follow it down."

Every pair of eyes among them was now busy peering into the darkness as
they rode along the bank.

If they could but find a ford!

They thought they found one once, and a tall horseman wheeled his horse
down the bank, and into the placid water.

"Careful now. Feel your way a foot at a time," shouted Skinner.

"Tain't three feet deep yet, and it's a good bottom."

It did not seem to get any deeper until he was half-way across and the
rest were getting ready to follow him, when his horse seemed to stumble
and plunge forward.

There was a splash and a smothered cry, and that was all. Days afterward
an Apache hunter found a stray horse, all saddled and bridled, feeding
on the bank near the spot where he had swum ashore, but nobody ever saw
any more of his rider. He had too many pounds of stolen gold about him,
heavier than lead, and it had carried him to the bottom instantly.

"Boys," said Captain Skinner, "I'll try the next ford myself. I was half
afraid of that."

Every man of them understood just what had happened, and knew that it
was of no use for them to do anything but ride along down the bank.

There was not a great deal further to go before a sharp string of
exclamations ran along the line.

"See there?"

"Camp fires yonder!"

"That's the Apache village!"

"It's on the other shore."

"Hark, boys! Hear that? Off to the northward? There's a fight going on.
Ride now. We're away in behind it."

Captain Skinner was right again. By pushing on along the bank of the
river he was soon in full view of the village. At the same time, just
because he was so near it, he ran almost no risk at all of meeting any
strong force of Apaches. The sound of far-away fighting had somehow
ceased, but the Captain did not care to know any more about it.

"Silence, boys. Forward. Our chance has come."

[Illustration: THE MINERS CROSSING THE FORD.]

He never dreamed of looking for a ford there by the village, and there
were no squaws to find it for him and point it out. More than a mile
below he came to the broad rippling shallow the Apache warriors had
reported to their chief, and into this he led his men without a moment's
hesitation.

"Steady, boys; pick your tracks. Where the ripples show, the bottom
isn't far down, but it may be a little rough."

A large part of it was rough enough, but Captain Skinner seemed to be
able to steer clear of anything really dangerous, and in a few minutes
more he was leading them out on the southerly shore.

"Now, boys," he said, "do you see what we've done?"

"We've got across the river," said Bill, "without any more of us gettin'
drownded."

"That's so, but we've done a heap more than that. We've put the Apache
village between us and the Lipans, and all we've got to do is to strike
for the Mexican line."

At the end of a few more hours of hard riding the foremost man sent back
a loud shout of "Here's another river!"

"That's all right," said Captain Skinner. "Now I know where we are."

"Where is it, then?" said Bill.

"The first river we forded was the north fork of the Yaqui, and this is
the other fork. When we're on the other bank of that, we're in Mexico.
We can go in any line we please, then."

The whole band broke out into a chorus of cheers.

Whatever may have been their reason for wishing to get out of the United
States, particularly that part of it, it must have been strong enough to
make them anxious. They were not contented for a moment until this
second "fork" was also forded.

Then a good place for a camp was selected, and the weary horses were
unsaddled.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




MR. THOMPSON AND A BIRD WITH A LANTERN.

BY ALLAN FORMAN.


"Pooh!" said Mr. Thompson, after examining a dark lantern I had
purchased for the skating season--"pooh! there is nothing new about a
dark lantern; they are very common. Why, down on Long Island, where I
spent last summer, even the birds carry them."

As I was about to exclaim, he interrupted me with:

"Not all the birds, of course; but there is a kind of heron, a Qua
bird--a mighty intelligent fellow he is, too. He carries a lantern when
he goes fishing at night--'fire-lighting,' you know. A nice bird, and a
bright talker."

"Did you talk with him?" I ventured to ask.

"Of course I did. Long talk. Funny time. I'll tell you about it,"
replied Mr. Thompson, good-naturedly.

I will not try to repeat the story in Mr. Thompson's own language, for
his sentences are somewhat disconnected, but the gist of it is as
follows:

Mr. Thompson lay on the shore of a little creek down on the east end of
Long Island. He had fled from the farm-house where he was boarding,
partly on account of the heat, but principally to escape the sewing
circle which met at the house that evening. He had been lying on the
bank for some time, and was just beginning to feel cold, when he saw two
queer-looking lights bobbing along the shore, and moving toward him.

"Somebody trying to steal Farmer Brown's oysters," he murmured, and
prepared to give the intruders a good scare. But the lights came so
slowly that his mind wandered off, and he was only aroused from his
musings when he heard a peculiar voice near the shore remark:

"It's a man, but he's asleep, and he hasn't any gun."

"Hack!" replied the other, in a guttural tone; "_he_ couldn't hit us if
he had a gun."

"No," said the first. "He's a pretty good sort. I've seen him before,
and he don't go shooting much."

Just at this moment the cold was too much for Mr. Thompson, and he gave
way to a prolonged "Achew!"

"Hark!" screamed both voices. Then one remarked:

"He's a nice man," and he spoke then almost like one of the noble family
of Ardea. "Say!" he continued, addressing Mr. Thompson, "what did you
come out here for?"

Mr. Thompson was not surprised at having them speak to him, and he
answered, politely,

"I came into the country to escape the heat of the city."

"Just what we came from Florida for."

Mr. Thompson looked carefully at the two speakers, and could see dimly
outlined against the water the dark forms of two birds. They had long
legs and necks, and long sharp bills. Mr. Thompson immediately concluded
from their appearance, and the reference to the family of Ardea, that
they were a species of heron.

The birds noticed Mr. Thompson's look, and one of them said, kindly,

"I suppose that you want to have a good look at us, so I'll just light
my lantern, and introduce myself," saying which he threw aside the long
feathers on his breast, and disclosed a ball of light, very much like
that which is seen on the common fire-fly. This light he obligingly
turned full upon his companion, while the other performed the same
office for him. In the flood of pale phosphorescent light Mr. Thompson
was able to see them perfectly.

The first speaker was about three feet high, with a black head and back,
and tail and wings of ashy blue; his legs and bill were long like a
crane's, and his throat and breast were cream white; on the top of his
head were three long white feathers. His companion was the same, with
the exception of the feathers on the head. After Mr. Thompson had looked
at them for a few minutes, the one with the plumes on his head said:
"Now, I suppose that you would like to know our names. In Florida and
the Southern States we are called Qua birds; in Virginia they call us
Lamp-lighters; when we come up here to Long Island, we are Quaks; and if
we go further north, into Connecticut, they add an s, and call us
Squaks. But we don't like those appellations: our proper name is Ardea
Nycticorax. I am Mr. Nycticorax, and this is my wife, Mrs. N."

Mr. Thompson bowed gallantly, and introduced himself as Mr. John
Thompson, of New York. Then he continued: "I don't like to be
inquisitive, but your having a lantern makes me peculiarly interested in
you; would you mind telling me something about yourself?"

"Certainly not," answered the bird: "I should be most happy to do so. I
was born in Florida. We live there in great villages of five or six
thousand families, and we generally take a trip every summer for our
health. We stop along by the way, and some prefer to spend the summer in
one place and some in another, so you see that by the time we get here
we are pretty well scattered. When we get here we go to housekeeping.
But," he added, deftly snapping up a fish in his long bill, and tossing
it to Mr. Thompson, "just eat that, and I'll show you the rest."

Mr. Thompson swallowed the fish without thinking. In a moment he began
to experience the most peculiar sensations. His neck began to stretch,
his nose to elongate, his hands and arms became covered with feathers.
Almost before he knew it he was a full-grown Quak.

"Now," remarked Mr. Nycticorax, "you look something like other people.
If you will just follow me, I will introduce you to some of my friends
who are keeping house over here in the woods. Come."

"Come," urged Mrs. Nycticorax, and the two flapped their wings and flew
rapidly over toward the woods. Mr. Thompson followed, and soon they
alighted on the top branch of a tall tree. Just beneath them was a large
nest built of twigs; on it was seated a motley-looking Quak, who
welcomed Mr. Thompson cordially.

She raised herself a little, and proudly showed four light green eggs.
In another tree was a small family about three weeks old. They could not
fly yet, but had climbed out of the nest with the aid of their strong
bills and claws, and were perched comfortably on a high limb waiting for
their parents to return from a fishing excursion.

After Mr. Thompson had talked for some little time, he suddenly
remembered that his friends at the farm-house would be worried at his
prolonged absence. As he was about to excuse himself, his friend said,
"I will go back with you as far as where we first met."

Soon they were again on the shore of the creek, and Mr. Nycticorax was
saying good-night, when Mr. Thompson detained him.

"One more question," said that unwearied searcher after knowledge. "What
is your lantern composed of?"

"Some kind of phosphorus or other," replied the bird, and at the same
time threw back his breast feathers.

Mr. Thompson stretched out his hand to feel of it.

"Ouch! you tickle!" screamed the bird, and flew away. At the same moment
Mr. Thompson felt some one grasp his shoulder, and a familiar voice
remarked,

"Wa'al, now, I reckon you've ketched a powerful cold, sleepin' here." It
was 'Lisha, one of the farm hands.

Mr. Thompson insists that he did not go to sleep; but his
fellow-boarders are rather inclined to believe 'Lisha's statement, to
the effect that "Mr. Thompson was a-sneezin' and a-snorin', and
a-snorin' and a-sneezin'; and ef I hadn't waked him up, he'd 'a ketched
his death."

Certain it is that Mr. Thompson has suffered with a tremendous cold in
the head ever since.




[Illustration: "WINTER."--FROM A PAINTING BY LAURA ALMA TADEMA.]




"THINK AND THANK."

BY MRS. W. J. HAYS.


"Granny, please tell me more about my father," pleaded a little voice in
the gathering darkness.

"Ah, child, it hurts me to talk of him. The sea has been his bed, I
doubt not, this many a long day."

"But you were telling me how blithe and brave he was, and what merry
songs he sang. What made him go to sea?"

"All lads think they can do well on the water. They tire of the fields
and the plough. But your father was no fool to think a sailor's life an
easy one. He did not go until your mother died, and then he was not
brave enough to bear sorrow as we poor women have to do."

The child asked no more, but knit away at the stocking her grandmother
had set up for her.

Presently the old woman said, with a shiver: "It's growing cold; there's
snow in the air. Put some more sticks on, Peggy."

The child arose and made a pretense of adding to the fire, for there was
no more wood, and she had not the heart to say so. Then taking off a
little shawl from her shoulders, she put it about those of her granny.

But the old woman had that keenness of perception which is so often a
merciful compensation to the blind.

"Child," she said, "you are robbing yourself. The warmth of your own
little heart is in this shawl. Is there no more wood?"

"No more, Granny."

"And the flour, does it hold yet, Peggy?"

"It is all gone, Granny; but there's oat-cake enough for the breakfast,
and we've a nice sup of porridge on the fire."

"Let us eat it then, and be thankful," said the old woman, solemnly.

The child divided her portion with the cat, and then, with what seemed
like careless indifference to the grandmother began to play about the
room with her pet.

"Peggy, Peggy, how can you be so light-hearted when we have no food for
the morrow?"

Peggy stopped playing, and began to look grave. Suddenly her face
lighted up, and she clapped her hands.

"To-morrow is dole-day. Granny; don't you remember? They give out the
loaves at church, and your turn began last week."

"Sure enough, yes. To think that I should have lived to be one of the
oldest people of the parish, as well as one of the poorest! Ah me!--I
who began life so well!"

"And you shall end it well, too. I can do something."

"You remind me much of your father, lassie. You're a brave little woman.
God forgive me for despairing!" Then they went to bed as the easiest way
to keep warm.

The Sunday was late in dawning. Daylight came slowly, and the weather
was cold and windy and cheerless. The old woman wondered to hear her
child singing hymns in a high clear voice that had no rhythm of hunger.
But Peggy, like the boy who "whistled for want of thought," was singing
to keep up her courage. She was hungry, and wished it was afternoon,
that they might have their nice loaf of white bread from the church.
Then she began to wonder what she should do when the loaf was gone. How
would the old cat taste if they killed her for broth? "Oh, what an awful
thought!" and then she hugged and kissed her old pussy, and whispered in
her ear that she was sorry she had no breakfast for her, and she must
hunt for a mouse.

But the day wore on. They went to church, and, after the second service
they staid with the other old people to whom the bread was due, and
received, besides, several yards of good warm flannel.

Peggy was now in haste to be home. She did not envy the nicely dressed
little children in the church-yard, for she was proud to have her dear
old Granny lean upon her, and tell her all about the Bruces, from whom
the dole of bread had come, and how their family motto was "Think and
Thank." Granny said it meant consideration for the poor, and gratitude
for everything. But as they neared their cottage, Granny stopped and
listened.

"What is it, Granny?"

"I hear a strange step, child."

As she spoke, a man with a big bunch of bananas over his shoulder, and a
silk handkerchief in which were golden oranges, stopped at their very
door-step.

"Oh, dear Granny, it is a strange man," said Peggy, giving her loaf a
little tighter hug.

"We must ask him in to supper, Peggy," said Granny, firmly.

"But, Granny, we've so little," said the child, "I am ashamed."

"Never be that, Peggy, unless you have done wrong. What does the man
look like?"

"A traveller; he's brown and funny-looking."

"For the sake of my son, we must be kind to all that sort; but perhaps
he can tell me about Tom."

At that moment the man spoke: "Can you give me a night's lodging,
madam?"

Granny stood for a moment as if she had become a statue--fixed,
immovable. Then with a cry she rushed at the man, and put her trembling
fingers on his head and face and hands. Then she fell sobbing on his
shoulder, for Tom had come back, her dear son Tom, whom she had so long
supposed to be drowned.

And then came a long tale of suffering and shipwreck and privation.
Granny in her turn had to tell how she had lost her sight. And then Tom
kissed Peggy, whom he had left as a baby, and promised never again to
leave her.

Ah, it was a happy time--and how Peggy did enjoy the oranges!--great
juicy globes of nectar.

After that there was no more hunger. The cottage looked like a little
bower, with its blooming plants, its warm curtains, and its cheerful
blaze on the hearth. Peggy had white bread enough and to spare. Her
father brought her home a canary and a parrot; the latter she taught to
say "Think and Thank," and every time she remembered her thought of
making broth of old pussy, she gave her an extra bowl of milk thick
with cream.

       *       *       *       *       *

It may not be generally known that the custom of a weekly dole of bread
is still observed in Trinity parish, New York. Sixty-seven loaves of
bread are given to the poor every Saturday at St. John's Chapel. A
bequest for this purpose was made thirty years ago by John Leake, Esq.




"GOOD-BY, WINTER."

BY M. D. BRINE.


  Good-by, old Winter, good-by once more;
  At twelve to-night will your reign be o'er.
  We're tired of you and your sleet and snow,
  We're tired of hearing your chill winds blow;
  We long for breezes that fill the air
  With the scent of the Spring-time flowers fair;
  We long for meadows where daisies white
  Lift up their heads in the warm sunlight,
  And where the grasses are nodding all day.
  With the Spring-time breezes forever at play.

  Good-by, old Winter. We're sorry for you,
  But we're glad your season is nearly through.
  You brought us plenty of fun, we know,
  For sleighing and snow-balling come with snow;
  But O for a breath of the Spring-time sweet,
  When the earth and the sky in beauty meet!
  And O for the trees where the birds all day
  Are singing the golden hours away!
  Good-by, old Winter; the Spring is near,
  And you may sleep for another year.




[Illustration: BARNUM'S SHOW IN WINTER-QUARTERS.]

BARNUM'S SHOW IN WINTER-QUARTERS.

BY J. C. BEARD.


Last week, boys, I was too busy to tell you anything myself about my
experiences among the birds and beasts so snugly located in the
"Winter-Quarters." This time I am able to talk to you a little, as well
as draw you some pictures.

Suppose we take a look at this party of cranes and pelicans and other
queer birds. In spite of his long legs and clumsy bill, the pelican has
more or less beauty to recommend him. The prevailing color of his
feathers is a lovely rose shading off to white, while his breast wears
an orange tinge. The cranes are also really handsome birds, in spite of
their long thin legs. They have soft gray plumage, with snow-white
crests, and two gracefully flowing plumes besides on the head.

But if you want to see a homely bird, look at the adjutant. Certainly
the one that roams so confidently about the inclosure is the most
hideous creature I ever saw. A great clumsy body, long legs, thick bare
neck, and bare, ragged head make up a sum total of amazing ugliness. The
adjutant's beak is the most remarkable feature about him, being nearly a
yard long, and thick in proportion. This huge beak is strong enough to
kill a man with one blow. As you see in our illustration, the keeper
when feeding these birds is obliged to carry the dish of food upon his
head; if held in his hands, those enormous beaks would make short work
of dish, meat, and all. The adjutant acts the part of watch-dog, and
cats and other stray animals that value their lives are careful to avoid
this yard.

One of these birds reminded me of an expert at base-ball. Especially is
he a good "catcher." The keeper stood fully fifteen feet from him, and
tossed great pieces of meat toward him. Each time the bird's great beak
opened exactly at the right moment, and closed with a snap upon the huge
piece of raw meat. The bird seemed to enjoy the sport fully as much as
the by-standers.

The adjutant in the lower sketch, whom we see apparently holding a
confidential chat with his keeper, is a little fellow, quite tame, and
even socially inclined. This position upon the keeper's knee, as the
latter sits by the fire, is a favorite one with him.

The monkeys in Mr. Barnum's collection are well worth seeing. They are
of various kinds. A blue-faced baboon named Napper is evidently the
leader of monkey society at Bridgeport. He is a brilliant object to look
at, for his cheeks are blue, his nose and eyebrows are bright scarlet,
while his pointed beard is yellow. He is not a monkey of good character,
and has actually been known to get intoxicated. Mr. Hodges, the keeper,
is very fond of Napper, who seems to return affection. He will sit for
hours upon his friend's knee before the fire, turning himself from side
to side that he may receive the full benefit of the welcome heat. The
monkeys suffer dreadfully from cold draughts, and are very apt to die of
consumption.

Mr. Hodges assured me that most if not all of the cageful of monkeys
would be dead before spring, and seemed much affected by the loss of his
pets. Some of them seemed to be in the last stages now, coughing
violently, and holding their slender hands affectedly to their chests.
If the monkeys could be clothed, they would better endure the cold; but
a jacket in the cage would remain whole on the back of the wearer just
about five seconds.

A keeper fed the monkeys while I was there, and it was a funny sight. He
put the pan of rice and sugar inside the cage, and I expected a general
scramble, but instead of this I found the distribution of food to be a
most orderly process. The big fellows calmly served themselves first.
They ate as much as they could, then crammed their cheeks full, and
grasping as much as their hands would hold, retired to a corner to
finish at their leisure. The smaller monkeys now modestly proceeded to
dine in the same fashion. They follow the example set them by their
elders, and all is done in the most orderly manner.

Feeding the monkeys with pea-nuts is great fun. The instant they see a
pea-nut they rush pell-mell to the front of the cage, eager to reach
through the bars and catch the delicious morsel. The fortunate possessor
retires with his prize to a corner, proceeds to crack the shell, and
eats it with quite as much delight as you would, if presented with
something you particularly like.

Aard-vark, or the "hog with a wart," is not a pretty name, and he is not
a pretty animal. The domestic hog is quite a beauty in comparison, as
this one has enormous tusks, stiff bristles, scarcely any eyes at all,
and hideous lumps on his face and head; not _one_ wart, but plenty of
them. But he eats the pailful of carrots with as much relish as if he
were the handsomest beast in the world.

The coach-dog which is such a favorite with the elephants is named
Denver, and the huge animals take the entire charge of him. A gentleman
saw the keeper put a piece of meat before one of the elephants near him,
and the great creature seized it in his trunk, and gave the
"mother-call" for Denver. This mother-call is the sound they make in
calling their young ones. Denver understood in a moment, and rushed
toward them; the elephant gently laid the meat on the ground before the
dog, and watched him with great interest while he devoured it.

Denver was lost once for two weeks, and the elephants would not perform
until he was found. The welcome he received from his huge friends on his
return was nearly the death of him. They caressed him with their trunks,
rolled him over and over, "purring" all the while like distant thunder,
and stuffed him with all the meat he could eat.

The Bridgeport boys are very careful about their behavior to Denver, for
if a howl of pain or annoyance is heard from him on the outside of the
building, the elephants inside become so enraged that there is danger of
their breaking their chains and avenging their favorite.

As I left the "quarters" I found a crowd of Bridgeport boys gathered
about a small Irish jaunting-car with a beautiful striped zebra
harnessed before it. This zebra's name is Sheik, and is often seen in
the streets of the city, with some of the ladies belonging to the circus
driving him. Sheik is gentle, swift, and has as much endurance as a
mule. Zebras are generally supposed to be untamable, and Sheik's keeper
deserves great credit for the wonderful manner in which he has succeeded
in training this wild creature. Sheik is not, however, a "true zebra,"
but one of the species called _asinus Burchelii_. A "true zebra" has
never been brought to this country. Bridgeport boys think Sheik driven
in the jaunting-car a fine show.




NINE MEN'S MORRIS.

BY JAMES OTIS.


As an in-door amusement, a very interesting game is that of Nine Men's
Morris, or Shepherd's Game, as it is known by some. A board may be made
of anything at a moment's notice, and bits of paper, peas, beans, or
anything of that sort may be used for men.

To make the board, draw three squares, one within the other, with a
space of at least an inch between them; then draw four lines to connect
each of the sides, and it is complete.

[Illustration]

Each player has nine men, it making no difference what they are made of,
so long as one set may be readily distinguished from the other.

Then each player places alternately a man on any one of the
intersections, which on the plan are numbered from 1 to 24 simply for
the purpose of better explaining the game. The first point is for one of
the players to get three men in a line; that is to say, have them on
three direct stations, as 16, 17, 18, or 10, 11, 12, but not on the
angles, as at 1, 4, 7. If either player succeed in so placing his men,
he can remove one of his adversary's men from the board; this is called
_pounding_. One of three men in a line can not be pounded, provided
there are any others on the board.

As the game is really divided into three distinct phases of playing, it
may be well to illustrate each phase, taking the work of placing the men
first, and allowing Black to open the game:

  Black.         White.
    9             11
   13             18
   14             15
    8              7
    5              2
    6              4
   21 pounds 11   16
   12             17 pounds 12
   12             24

By this play White has the best of the game, and then the moving begins,
which consists in moving a man from one intersection to another which is
not occupied, never passing over a man or out of the direct lines. For
example, a man at 11 might move to 10, 19, 4, or 12, provided those
stations were not occupied.

To continue the game illustrated: Black has only one man which he can
move, and that is from 21 to 20. White moves 2 to 3, and pounds 20,
selecting that one because 6, 14, or 20 must be removed, or a line could
be made by Black, who would have pounded 7, and had the advantage. Black
then moves 14 to 21; White, 15 to 14; Black, 21 to 20; White, 3 to
2--White now being able to make a line at 3, 15, or 24 whenever he
chooses, despite Black. Black now moves 20 to 21. At this point it would
be possible for White to block the game by moving 17 to 20; but in the
hope of winning, even though he gives his adversary an advantage, he
moves 2 to 3; then--

   Black.        White.
   5 to 2        4 to  5
  21 " 20       14 "  15 pounds 20
  13 " 14       17 "  20
   9 " 13       24 "  23
  14 " 21       18 "  17 pounds 21
   8 "  9       23 "  24 pounds 12
   6 " 14       24 "  23 pounds 13

Black has now but three men; and when either party is so reduced in
numbers he can jump to any part of the board, regardless of men or
intersections, provided the station at which he wishes to stop is not
occupied.

To illustrate this latter portion of the game: Give White seven men, on
stations 3, 6, 8, 9, 11, 17, and 18, and Black three men, at 7, 12, and
15. White moves from 6 to 14; Black, 7 to 13; White, 17 to 20; Black, 15
to 7. By this last move of Black's he can jump to 16, make a line, and
pound. White moves 3 to 15; Black, 13 to 16, and pounds 14.

When Black is reduced to two men he loses the game, and this would have
occurred had he pounded any other man but 14, as otherwise White could
have made a line by the next move.

The game is continued by--

   White.         Black.
  15 to 14       16 to 13
  20 "  21       13 "  16 pounds 9
   8 "   9        7 "  13
  11 "  19       13 "   7 pounds 9
  18 "  17        7 "  20

This portion of the game calls for the most skillful playing, since
White can also jump when he has but three men left; and as his men stand
now, he could complete a line in one or two moves despite Black,
provided he could jump. Black must therefore play to gain the advantage
of position rather than to pound:

   White.         Black.
  14 to  6       12 to 18
  21 "  14       16 "  21
  17 "  16       18 "  17
   6 "   5

Now if Black should make his line by jumping from 21 to 23, and pound
one of White's men, White could make a line in two moves by jumping to
6, 11, or 12, and thus win the game; but in such a position, between
equal players, the game should be a draw.

It is possible to display quite as much skill in Morris as in checkers.
But the one, although it looks so simple, requires quite as much study
as the other.

In playing, avoid crowding all your men on two squares. If you have the
first move, take the corners, and try to make a cross with three men.
Keep your adversary blocked as much as possible, and leave your own men
free to move. Do not try too hard to form a line while placing the men,
or your adversary will have an opportunity to place his for position,
and you will be beaten easily when the moving begins.

When possible, try to arrange men so that you can make two or three
lines by successive moves, as, for example, men on 9, 13, 18, 20, and
23. Then 18 can move to 17 and make a line, back to 18 for another, and
so on.

Before reducing your adversary to three men, and thus giving him an
opportunity to jump, try to arrange your men so that you will be able to
form your lines in successive moves. For example: Black has eight men,
at 2, 11, 13, 15, 16, 19, 21, and 24; White has four, at 3, 9, 12, and
22. Black moves 24 to 23; White, 22 to 10. If Black made a line at 14 or
20, White, being reduced to three men, could jump either to 20 or 14,
whichever was vacant, and thus prevent the second line from being made;
but if Black moves 2 to 5, White can not prevent him from making a line
either at 4, 14, or 20, even if he can jump.




[Illustration: THE MUSIC-ROOM.]




THE CHILDREN'S CARNIVAL.


There are matter-of-fact people nowadays who do not believe in the
_Arabian Nights_, and fairies, and Mother Goose, and the wonderful
things that we have all read about and heard stories about. I confess
that I was one of those people; but I have gone back to dear old Mother
Goose, and Aladdin, and Sindbad the Sailor. From henceforth I am Prince
Carnival's most devoted subject. And now I will tell you why.

But suppose I ask you to fancy that you are with me at the Academy of
Music in New York on the eve of St. Valentine's Day. Beautiful music is
heard in the distance, and presently a gauzy curtain is lifted up, and
disappears out of sight. Then the music grows louder, as an immense army
of fairies and goblins is seen, from the midst of whom a graceful figure
issues forth, and dances along in front until he comes to a huge hen's
nest, on which is lying a great white egg. The Court Jester--for that is
his name--stops when he comes to the egg, hits it with his staff, and,
lo! the top falls off, and Prince Carnival, a ruddy little fellow about
six years old, is seen waving his wand for the fun to begin.

And thus it began: First came the Court Jester, dancing and bowing and
leaping with the utmost grace; then followed three clowns; after them
came three Shanghai chickens, each about as big as a horse, and dancing
as gayly as if they knew they were too big to be eaten. Then came Prince
Carnival himself, in his broken egg on the nest, which was drawn by his
attendants in fantastic costumes. After him came an old rooster and an
old hen.

Then came a carriage drawn by two live white goats, containing a boy and
girl gorgeously dressed, and after them a band of Gypsy Maidens. But
what have we here? A lot of little old things with blue-gray gowns and
red hoods and blue-gray beards, and behind them a wonderful being,
riding on a chariot of gray rocks in which the gold dust glitters.
Surely this is the Queen of Fairy-land.

Then came Aurora, the rosy Goddess of Dawn; Zuleika, the beautiful
Grecian Princess; and behind her were actually twenty babies in their
night dresses and night-caps, with pink sashes. What little things they
were! Some of them were so small that they could hardly toddle fast
enough to keep up with the procession. And last of all came the Gardener
in his cart, drawn by a live donkey, and attended by a group of Flower
Maidens.

Then the dancing began. Whenever Prince Carnival waved his hand, a
beautiful being stepped forward and danced in the most enchanting
fashion, until the whole building rang with the applause that greeted
each. There was the Queen, of Fairy-land, who came without her little
gray-bearded attendants, and danced beautifully. But the little gnomes
soon missed her, for before she had finished they ran up and huddled
themselves together to watch her. Then, when she rested, they began
their dance. It was just such a dance as you would expect little imps of
mischief to perform. They didn't dance at all. They simply romped. They
played "snap-the-whip," chased each other about the floor, and at last
left the stage more on their heads than their feet, for they all turned
head over heels time after time, until they were back among the crowd of
fairy folk again.

A little later, the twenty babies in their night dresses came on, and
they tried to dance, and were doing very nicely until, as they were all
standing in a line, the end one fell, and so they all fell and knocked
one another over, just like a row of tin soldiers. After that they gave
up dancing, and just frolicked as the gnomes had done, until five little
soldiers came, when they retreated in just such another head-over-heels
fashion as the gnomes had.

The most wonderful dancing of all was that of Zuleika, the Grecian
Princess, who was about twelve years old, and was dressed in a beautiful
costume of blue and white satin. She was attended by a group of Grecian
maidens who performed the brilliant cymbal-dance. The applause was loud
and long, and hardly had Zuleika collected the beautiful bouquets, when
little Prince Carnival waved his wand, and five mysterious figures
appeared, arrayed in long cloaks covering them from head to foot. The
Prince stepped forward, and going from one to another, he waved his wand
over them, and they threw off their long cloaks, and appeared as five
beautiful little fairies, representing the Five Continents--Europe,
Asia, Africa, America, and Australia. Then each came forward and danced,
but the prettiest dance of all was danced by America, who had a bow and
arrow, like an Indian.

It was not long after this that Fairy-land broke loose. I was standing
watching the brilliant scene, and wishing that I might remain in
Fairy-land forever, when I heard a sweet little voice saying, "Please
let me pass." I looked round, and it was--could I be awake, or was I
dreaming?--yes, it was the Queen of Fairy-land herself asking me to let
her pass. I drew back, and she went right up to a beautiful lady, who
called her "My child," and kissed her. Happy lady to be the mother of
the Queen of Fairy-land!

And so they were not fairies, after all, but real children, and they had
mothers, who kissed them, and called them "My child," "My darling!"

Did the fairies we read about have mothers? I think not. So much the
happier, then, these fairies. And since they are prettier far than any
of the fairies the story-books tell us about, and dance more gracefully,
and are altogether far more wonderful, therefore I believe in
fairies--this kind of fairies--from this time forth, and swear
allegiance to my sovereign lord Prince Carnival and all his merry band.

[Illustration: THE CHILDREN'S CARNIVAL.]




[Illustration: SLEEPING IN THE MEADOW.]




OUR POST-OFFICE BOX.


  NEWARK, NEW JERSEY.

     There are four of us children in this house to enjoy HARPER'S YOUNG
     PEOPLE, besides our little wee baby, and we gave four subscriptions
     on Christmas-day as presents to our little cousins, and they enjoy
     the papers so much! But what we want to tell you about is our
     little brother M., who is only four years old. A few days ago he
     took his papa's mucilage bottle and brush, and pasted it all over
     his little sister's face. They thought it was fine fun at first,
     but lying down almost immediately to take a nap, when she woke up
     she was fast to her pillow. Her crying brought us, and when we saw
     what was the matter, we made him quite ashamed of what he had done,
     and he didn't want us to tell his papa when he came home from
     business. When he said his prayers at night he said, "Dear Dod,
     pease dive me more ense [sense] o me won't do my little ister o any
     more."

  LENA AND EULALIE MCD.

       *       *       *       *       *

  FORT APACHE, ARIZONA.

     My papa is in the army, and we travel about a good deal. We have no
     schools out here, but I study with papa. I have a big sister, who
     rides on horseback. There are lots of Indians about these
     mountains. The soldiers had a battle with them last August. I
     suppose you read about it in the papers. General Carr was in
     command. My papa was wounded, but he is well now. I take YOUNG
     PEOPLE, and love it very much. My sister takes _St. Nicholas_. We
     have only one mail a week; the mail-day is Wednesday. There are not
     any girls here, or even boys. I like the story called "Talking
     Leaves" very much. I am afraid my letter is too long, so good-by.

  BESSIE G.

Your letter is not too long, dear. You might have told us how you amuse
yourself without any little companions. How glad you must be that your
papa's wound is healed!

       *       *       *       *       *

  MONROE, IOWA.

     My name is Johnny. I am eight years old. I have a little brother,
     Joe, six years old. We both have the whooping-cough badly. I have
     to stay at home from school, and don't like it a bit. I have a big
     cat that looks just like a tiger. She has no name yet. What shall I
     call her? I can set type just a little for papa's paper.

  JOHNNY V.

We are very sorry that you and Joe have the whooping-cough. It is one of
the few things it is right to be very selfish about. You must be ever so
careful not to give any of it away, you know, and that's why you have to
stay at home from school. One comfort is that next winter your mamma
will say, "I am not afraid of whooping-cough any more, for my boys have
had it." At least she will not be afraid of your having it very severely
again. Perhaps some of the little correspondents will send you a name
for Madame Puss. We think Mouser is as good as any. Is it difficult to
set type?

       *       *       *       *       *

  NACHITOCHES, LOUISIANA.

     I have been going to school ever since the new year began. Our
     teacher is good; she has twelve scholars. We are doing very well. I
     read all of the letters in the Post-office Box, and I thought I
     would write to you. I have a horse and gun, and go hunting very
     often. The river runs right in front of our house, and the ducks
     are plentiful. Recently my brother and I went hunting, and brought
     home a good many ducks. I have three brothers and one sister. She
     is just learning her letters. I think she is anxious to learn. Our
     teacher has a little book in which she marks off our lessons. She
     has a page which she calls the Black List. She has not marked me
     yet, and I am not going to get on that list. I spent my Christmas
     holidays at home. Our greatest fun was in popping fire-crackers.
     The river rises every winter, so we have to use a boat to cross.
     This is tiresome to little boys who are lazy.

  ELISHA W. B.

Has that good teacher a Roll of Honor for the well-behaved as well as a
Black List for the naughty scholars? We hope so, because we are sure
that if she has, your name will appear on that.

       *       *       *       *       *

  DOBBS FERRY, NEW YORK.

     I am a little girl nearly nine years old. I do not take HARPER'S
     YOUNG PEOPLE, but my grandma does. I have a little sister who was
     three weeks old yesterday. I hold her very often. She is a real
     sweet little thing. She is ever so fat. And she can smile, too. I
     heard that the Editor wants all the little girls to tell about
     their pets and dolls. I have no pets except two cats, a mother cat
     and a kitten. The mother's name is Mollie, and the kitten's name is
     Dot. I have a beautiful doll that I got on Christmas. She has
     lovely golden curls, and little pink socks, and everything to
     complete a baby's toilet. We haven't very good coasting, for the
     snow is so deep. We have in front of our house a great big
     snow-drift that is higher than a man.

  ISABELLA T. N.

       *       *       *       *       *

  FOOCHOW, CHINA.

     I shall be eight years old next month. I came here from
     Massachusetts a year ago with my mamma and two little brothers to
     stay with my papa, who has been in Foochow a good many years. Our
     house is on the river, and we can see a great many sampans and
     junks. When we go out to ride, we go in a chair on two poles, and
     it is carried by two or three coolies. We had ten rabbits, but we
     gave away the three old ones, and now have the seven young ones
     left. It is not cold enough for snow or ice here, so there is no
     chance for coasting or sliding, but the flowers blossom all winter.

     I am getting a lot of nice stamps for my book; I have over three
     hundred. I like HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE very much, and get two or
     three by every mail, twice a month.

  AMY C J.

We felt the more interested, Amy, in your little letter, which left
Foochow just before Christmas, because the very day it came we had been
talking with a lady who had spent many years in China, and who told us
some very interesting things about its people. We will be pleased to
have you write again, and tell us whether you intend to learn to speak
and write Chinese while you are in the Flowery Land. We would try to do
so if we were there, difficult as it is.

       *       *       *       *       *

  GEORGETOWN, D. C.

     Can you make room for a stranger who would like very much to see
     her letter in the Post-office Box? I think one of the nicest
     stories in your paper is "The Little Dolls' Dressmaker." In No. 118
     there was a short article called "Home Gymnastics for Stormy Days,"
     which I think I shall try. I am a little girl just twelve years
     old, and have one brother and one sister, both grown-upers.

  VIRGINIE T. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

  EUTAWVILLE, SOUTH CAROLINA.

     I am a boy of nine. I am spending the winter at my grandfather's
     plantation in South Carolina, but my home is in the Pennsylvania
     mountains. The Santee River is near here, and a deep swamp with
     bears in it. There are many young lambs here, and one day the
     buzzards caught two little weak ones. Another boy and I drove them
     off from getting another. The birds are very gay, and the
     woodpeckers tap on the house like mad. Love to the Editor.

  E. B. C. JUN.

Poor little lambs! We are so glad you and your friend were in time to
drive off the cruel buzzards before they carried away any more of them.
Have you ever happened to meet a bear, or do they hide themselves in the
swamp? What would you do if one came along? And are you studying the
habits of the birds, so that when you go home again you will have
acquired a fund of information about the warblers of the South?

       *       *       *       *       *

C. Y. P. R. U.

Perhaps some of you would like to know how to make pretty scrap-books,
either for your own pleasure or to give to little friends. These
scrap-books are sources of enjoyment to children who have been ill and
are getting stronger--who are what we call convalescent--and some of us
know crippled children, or even grown people, who are shut in from busy
life by weakness or disease. We ought to try to brighten their lives if
we can. Gather together all the illustrated newspapers and books with
pictures that you can command. Black and white pictures are as good as
colored, and the two look well together. Cut these out neatly and
carefully, with smooth edges. Torn and worn-out picture-books usually
have something left which will do to cut out, and be thus saved from
being wholly lost. Then there are the Christmas, New-Year, and birthday
cards, of which nearly all of us have some. Take for the pages of your
book, paper, muslin, or common glazed cambric; cut this into pieces ten
inches long and eight inches wide. Three or four pages will make a book
large enough to begin with. The cambric may be all white, or any color
you prefer--pink, blue, red, or a part of each color. On these pages
paste the pictures neatly on both sides, using your taste as to which
pictures look well together and fit in nicely. The covers may be made of
the cambric, neatly lined; but if you aim at durability, take light
pasteboard covered on both sides with cambric, and sewed together over
and over, or what is better, in button-hole stitch in colored worsted.
Then with the scissors make holes through all, and tie the covers and
pages together with a narrow ribbon or twisted worsted.

       *       *       *       *       *

We are sure that none of you who can play and sing will neglect to learn
the beautiful melody which we give you in this week's Post-office Box.
We shall think we hear you singing it as we follow the paper in its
flight over land and sea to the thousands of homes where little hands
are outreached to welcome its arrival.

       *       *       *       *       *

Here is a bit of wise counsel from Charles Kingsley about the best way
to study history:

     "If you would understand history, you must first try to understand
     men and women. For history is the history of men and women, nothing
     else; and she who knows men and women thoroughly will best
     understand the past work of the world, and be best able to take a
     share in its work now.... If, therefore, any of you ask me how to
     study history, I should answer: 'Take, by all means,
     biographies--wheresoever possible, autobiographies--and study them.
     Fill your mind with live human figures, people of like passions
     with yourselves; see how they lived and worked in the time and
     place in which God put them.' Believe me that when you have thus
     made a friend of the dead, and brought them to life again, and let
     them teach you to see with their eyes and feel with their hearts,
     you will begin to understand more of their generation and their
     circumstances than all the mere history books of the period would
     teach you."

       *       *       *       *       *

A. C.--St. Mary's Free Hospital is an Episcopal institution. We can not
answer your first question.

       *       *       *       *       *

We offer the C. Y. P. R. U. this week a variety of articles from which to
choose. Mr. James Payn begins another of his thrilling stories of "Peril
and Privation" on the great deep; the presence of mind and courage shown
by little Alice Ivy will appeal to readers of all ages; Mr. Allan Forman
gives us a glimpse into ornithology in his amusing article on "Mr.
Thompson and the Bird with a Lantern"; and there is no small amount of
information in regard to natural history to be gleaned from Mr. J. C.
Beard's article on "Mr. Barnum's Show in Winter-Quarters." Capital
entertainment for long evenings will be found in the game of "Nine Men's
Morris," which Mr. James Otis gives us full and clear directions how to
play.

       *       *       *       *       *

PUZZLES FROM YOUNG CONTRIBUTORS.

No. 1.

A DIAMOND CROSS.

Centre diamond.--1. A letter. 2. To strike. 3. Expanded sheets. 4. A
fold. 5. A letter.

Upper left-hand diamond.--1. A letter. 2. An animal. 3. Parts of a ship.
4. To mistake. 5. A letter.

Upper right-hand diamond.--1. A letter. 2. To sup. 3. Edges. 4. A plant
and its fruit. 5. A letter.

Lower left-hand diamond.--1. A letter. 2. A surface. 3. Bottoms. 4. A
favorite. 5. A letter.

Lower right-hand diamond.--1. A letter. 2. An affirmative. 3. Marine
animals. 4. Cunning. 5. A letter.

  BOB.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 2.

ENIGMA.

  Find my first in church, but not in building,
  And in barn my second, not in house.
  Find my third in crayon, not in pencil,
  And my fourth in bread, but not in cake,
  And my fifth in sleep, but not in wake,
  And my sixth in squirrel, not in rabbit.
  Only little children need my whole.

  WILLIE B. W. (aged 7).

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 3.

RHOMBOID.

Across.--1. A priest. 2. Small reptiles. 3. Fast. 4. To gain knowledge.
5. Started with fright.

Down.--1. A letter. 2. A preposition. 3. A dowry. 4. A small bird. 5.
Outer surfaces, 6. A Persian monarch. 7. A Latin numeral. 8. A French
adverb. 9. A letter.

  BUSTER BENZINE.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN No. 119.

No. 1.

Satisfactory.

No. 2.

  Y I E L D
  I D L E R
  E L E G Y
  L E G A L
  D R Y L Y

No. 3.

Lexington. Abraham Lincoln. Franklin. Australia. Yenisei. Erie.
Ticonderoga. Texas. Egypt.

Lafayette.

No. 4.

  It was the time when lilies blow,
    And clouds are highest up in air,
  Lord Roland brought a lily-white doe
    To give his cousin Lady Clare.

No. 5.

Ethel. Lethe.

No. 6.

        H
      C O T
    C A N E S
  H O N E S T Y
    T E S T Y
      S T Y
        Y

       *       *       *       *       *

Correct answers to puzzles have been received from N. Y. C., Flora C.
McGregor, Murray Cheston Boyer, "Lodestar," Clara, Bertha, Mary E.
Nesmith, William A. Lewis, Harry H. Rousseau, "Sam Weller, Jun.,"
Charley Lamprey, Florence Cox, E. Knowles Webster, "Little Violet,"
Guilford D. Eggleston, Mallie M., Edward Lee Haines, Istalina Beach,
Stella Scofield, Edward S. Lea, A. H., H. V. Gunnere, Willie
Volckhausen, Edith E. Grice, Willie Curtis, Percy Brotherhood, "Fill
Buster," Leland Burr, Maud M. Chambers, Louis R. Little, Albert Earle,
Georgie Wardell, Mary Wardell, Francis, Harry A. McCarthy, Johnnie W.
King, M. S. French, "_Queen Bess_," Horace M. Dobbins, J. U. Merrick,
Mitford D. Rogers, Willie B. Wood, _Ruby Wickersham_, _Arthur F.
Dornin_, Fred. W. Loudon, _Emma L. Gilbert_, Katrina, _C. Will Eggers_,
Eva Darlington, Elsie C. Ruggles, Alice Blandford, _Addie Goodnow_,
Sallie Rose, Kate Wily, Paul Renno Heyl, Louis Starrett, "Lora," _M. F.
Tomes_, Hattie E. Conant, Lizzie Hill, Mrs. Nesmith, Hattie Wiesel,
_Connie W. Smith_, _Newton D. Holbrook, Jun._, Ernest L. Meeker,
_Eloise_, Josephine Harrison, Marie Blanche Y. Shannon, _Charley
Graves_, _Cyrus Hill_, Annie E. Little, Ruth Shirley Hawkins, "_Robin
Redbreast_," _Katie Huckaus_, Harold B. Fobes, William Cowan, "A Regular
Subscriber," Laura C. Brinton, Felix S. Meigs, _Augusta Low Parkes_,
Mamie B. Purdy, Henry Berlan, Jun., _Ella E. Atwater_, Melvin S.
Rosenthal, Mattie Ingalls, Harry D. Schwartzchild, Belle R. McGahey,
Mabel V. Darrighues, Percy L. McDermott, "Reader," "_Al. Bert_,"
"Al-fa-ra-ta," G. C. L., Emma Roehm, Mary Agnes Hale, Thomas Mullett,
Emily Atkinson, Lawrence La Forge, J. A. E., Mannie G. Hagur, Mattie and
Eleanor Smith, C. C. Jacobus, Harry J. Guntzer, "sthetic," Kate M.,
H. A. S., Laura Williams, Clare B. Bird, and Rosa M. Benedict.

       *       *       *       *       *

[_For Exchanges, see 2d and 3d pages of cover._]




[Illustration: SOME ANSWERS TO WIGGLE No. 24, OUR ARTIST'S IDEA, AND NEW
WIGGLE, No. 25.]





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Harper's Young People, February 28,
1882, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, FEB 18, 1882 ***

***** This file should be named 54513-8.txt or 54513-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/4/5/1/54513/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

